# CS300-Module-8
Module 8 ASM
I am not going to lie this course was not what I thought about, I honestly thought it was going to be so easy. I totally understand the concept of all my work, projects, etc. Each project did represent a different scenario, for instance managing a list of items, organizing a collectio of data, or searching for specific information efficiently. The goal of this was not just to write code that work but to design a solution.
I literaylly had help from my peers that I work with, without them I would be totally stuck. But also they weren't just giving me answers I had to figure the rest out and understand what my assignments were.
Overcoming roadblocks are not easy, I literally researched everything so in order to overcome everything I Took breaks to get my mind thoughts together. Also, I had to break down into smaller pieces to understand everything. Testing it when not successfull was stressful but of course I reached out to my instructor for help. 
I understand the importance of a deliberate design phase. I think about the program's architecture, its different components, and how they will interact. I also consider the end-user's experience and design the program to be as intuitive as possible. This project has taught me that the best programs are not just functional, but also well-planned and thoughtfully designed.
This has been a good lesson for me.  I also now think about future changes; if a new feature needs to be added, how can I structure my code to make that as easy as possible? These practices ensure that my code is not just a solution for today, but a robust and understandable foundation for the future. I don't think I will become a programmer though, sorry to say but that is not my niche. But hey I had fun though!
